Definition:
Supply chain management (SCM) is the broad range of activities required to plan, control and execute a product's flow, 
from acquiring raw materials and production through distribution to the final customer, in the most streamlined and 
cost-effective way possible.

SCM encompasses the integrated planning and execution of processes required to optimize the flow of materials, information 
and financial capital in the areas that broadly include 
demand planning, sourcing, production, inventory management and  storage, transportation or logistics and return for excess or 
defective products. 


Benefits of supply chain management
Supply chain management creates efficiencies, raises profits, lowers costs, boosts collaboration and more. SCM enables companies
to better manage demand, carry the right amount of inventory, deal with disruptions, keep costs to a minimum and meet customer 
demand in the most effective way possible. These SCM benefits are achieved through the appropriate strategies and software to 
help manage the growing complexity of today's supply chains.

Basic version:  raw material producer, manufacturer, distributor, retailer and retail customer.

Techniques: 
Supply chain planning: demand management.
Supply chain execution: day-to-day manufacturing operations.
Supply chain visibility: spotting and anticipating risks and proactively managing them.
Inventory management: tracking and optimizing inventory levels.
Logistics management and transportation management: managing the transport of goods, especially across global supply chains.
Warehouse management: warehouse operations.

lean, demand-driven material requirements planning 
especially big data, predictive analytics, internet of things (IoT) technology, supply chain analytics, robotics and autonomous vehicles


Inventory Management

Stock review, which is the simplest inventory management methodology and is generally more appealing to smaller businesses. 
Stock review involves a regular analysis of stock on hand versus projected future needs. It primarily uses manual effort, 
although there can be automated stock review to define a minimum stock level that then enables regular inventory inspections and 
reordering of supplies to meet the minimum levels. Stock review can provide a measure of control over the inventory management 
process, but it can be labor-intensive and prone to errors.

Just-in-time (JIT) methodology, in which products arrive as they are ordered by customers, and which is based on analyzing customer 
behavior. This approach involves researching buying patterns, seasonal demand and location-based factors that present an accurate 
picture of what goods are needed at certain times and places. The advantage of JIT is that customer demand can be met without needing 
to keep quantities of products on hand, but the risks include misreading the market demand or having distribution problems with 
suppliers, which can lead to out-of-stock issues.

ABC analysis methodology, which classifies inventory into three categories that represent the inventory values and cost significance 
of the goods. Category A represents high-value and low-quantity goods, category B represents moderate-value and moderate-quantity 
goods, and category C represents low-value and high-quantity goods. Each category can be managed separately by an inventory management 
system, and it's important to know which items are the best sellers in order to keep quantities of buffer stock on hand. For example, 
more expensive category A items may take longer to sell, but they may not need to be kept in large quantities. One of the advantages 
of ABC analysis is that it provides better control over high-value goods, but a disadvantage is that it can require a considerable 
amount of resources to continually analyze the inventory levels of all the categories.
